# Sprint 2 Retrospective #
**Held on:** March 10, 2019

Our group met via a voice chat to discuss our past sprint (Sprint 2) and the upcoming sprint.

We realized that the items we addressed at our retrospective for the pratice project need to be implemented into these sprints better. We learned that we need to make sure we are doing each part correctly to avoid any potential merge conflicts.

Looking forward, we want to communicate more frequently about the status of our features, as well as any issues to which we may be confronting. That allows for each of us to assist each other in solving problems. We will continue to communicate more frequently over our voice-chat.

We want to meet with The Foundation again in the coming weeks to see if there are any features that they would like to potentially see, in contrast to what we currently have. 